h1. Storage Lite

Storage Lite provides a lightweight YUI 3 API for persistent cross-browser local key/value storage similar to the HTML5 localStorage API. Supported browsers include IE6+, Firefox 2+, Safari 3.1+, Chrome 4+, and Opera 10.5+. No browser plugins are required (not even Flash).

Storage Lite will automatically use the best available local storage API supported by the browser it's running in. The complexities of the following storage APIs are all wrapped in a loving YUI 3 embrace and presented to you as a single consistent HTML5-like API:

    * *Firefox 3.5+, Google Chrome 4+, Safari 4+, IE8, Opera 10.5+:* <a href="http://dev.w3.org/html5/webstorage/">HTML5 localStorage</a>; these modern browsers all support the core localStorage functionality defined in the HTML5 draft.
    * *Firefox 2.x and 3.0.x*: <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en/DOM/Storage">Gecko globalStorage</a>, a very early API similar to HTML5's localStorage.
    * *Safari 3.1 and 3.2*: <a href="http://developer.apple.com/documentation/iPhone/Conceptual/SafariJSDatabaseGuide/Introduction/Introduction.html">HTML5 Database Storage</a>, because Safari 3.1 and 3.2 don't support HTML5 localStorage.
    * *IE6, IE7*: <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms531424%28VS.85%29.aspx">userData persistence</a>, a rarely used IE feature for associating string data with an element on a web page and persisting it between pageviews.

h2. Example

See @sandbox/example.html@ for a usage example.

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2010 Ryan Grove <ryan@wonko.com>
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of this project nor the names of its contributors may be
      used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
      specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
